okay so the new Ford Explorer is a geeks
dream it has so many features that I
never thought could be found in the car
like for instance you could change the
ambient lighting off the the cup holders
so now it's purple I can change it there
now it's blue it's a casaya anything and
then now it's blue now it's red green
there's the green really fascinating we
met we don't need these features but
they put it in but you know what with so
many things in this car so many great
features like the compass you could sink
your mobile phone you can change the
general climate a temperature of the
entire car there's one feature though
that I find to be most intriguing and
absolutely funny and this is something i
like doing when when I have a someone
sitting down the passenger seat um what
I do is so I go back to the menu this is
by the way the new ford sync or ford my
touch interface by microsoft and i
really wanted to wait for this model to
come out just to test this so um let's
see where is that menu menu menu menu uh
where is that see this the interface is
so like that okay we're here okay
there's one feature that I really like
and it's like a huge practical joke that
I play on my friends um who sit here
just driver's seat in the passenger seat
this controls the temperature so I can
heat up the seat or I can actually press
this and if you hear that sound let me
turn on some lights
if you hear that sound if you put your
ear your hand here it's actually heat
it's actually cooling it's like it's
blowing air up your ass I can do it with
the say I can I can also do it here
there it is so it's really funny I don't
know why this feature is installed i was
thinkin maybe if you fart and you wanna
get rid of the air really quick so maybe
this is a way it's funny because the
BBFC I need to pee and you do this to
your friend it's going to induce sorry
about that someone called so yeah if i
press this again as you can see my my
chair is being cooled it's being cooled
in a tingly sensation it's actually
quite funny in tingly I don't know why
for it installed this feature but it's
definitely one of those things that I
finally be the most intriguing things
that someone thought of to put in the
car and that's it